Whitepaper


11 good reasons for the 11th generation
Why 11th Gen Intel® Core™ processors will conquer the market
1 Why 11th Gen Intel® Core™ processors will conquer the market




11 good reasons for the 11th generation
In parallel with the launch of the 11th Intel® Core™ processor generation (codenamed
Tiger Lake), congatec has made the new processors available on COM-HPC Size A and
COM Express Compact Computer-on-Modules. What does the new Intel® Core™ processor
generation offer? This whitepaper spells out the 11 most important reasons why OEMs should
rely on congatec modules with 11th generation Intel® Core™ processors.

The embedded and edge computing markets are hungry for more performance within the given
thermal budgets. Any performance increase that can be achieved without an active processor fan
is welcomed with open arms. The goal is to develop even more powerful systems, characterized by
robust, durable, and maintenance-free designs and capable of communicating securely and in real-time
with increasing bandwidth via the Internet of Things (IoT). These requirements apply across the entire
spectrum of high-performance embedded computing applications – from embedded systems and
edge computing nodes, network hubs and local fog data centers, to infrastructure appliances in
the core network, and robust central cloud data centers for critical government applications. The
low-power, high-density variants of the 11th generation Intel® Core™ processors (aka Tiger Lake) will
therefore rapidly conquer the embedded market and become the new flagship of fanless high-speed
embedded computing. There are 11 good reasons for this.
                                                        Development Concepts in Comparison
The latest is always the best                                                   COM & Carrier Designs                         Full Custom Designs

The first and perhaps most important reason to                                 One supercomponent                             Complex BOM
rely on the low-power high-density processors of
                                                                                                                              Proprietary processor
the 11th Intel Core processor generation is the                                Open standard
                                                                                                                              implementation

fact that end customers always want the very                                   Application ready BSPs              </>        Complex implementation of
                                                                                                                              hardware-related software
latest. Even if they cannot take full advantage
of the improvements, they still want to be sure                                Comprehensive design-in support                Limited support options

that they have chosen the best available solution                              Large ecosystem                                No community
on the market. For this reason, it is often almost
impossible for OEMs to skip a launch to save NRE                               Efficient re-use of existing
                                                                               building blocks
                                                                                                                              Wheel reinvented every time

costs and increase ROI. As soon as a competitor
                                                                               Long term availability                         Complex lifecycle management
appears who aims to exploit the advantages of
the new processor, customers will quickly start                                High design security                 !         Greater risk of design errors

to question the innovative strength of their own                          €
                                                                               Low development costs                 €        High NRE costs
OEM. Any attempts to justify the omission of a                                                                     €€

development cycle solely for efficiency reasons                                Short time-to-market                           Long development cycles
will not counterweight the argument that the
latest processor also offers more innovative                                   High scalability                               Each variant a new product


features and that the competitor offers exactly                                Langfristig
                                                                               Easy        aufrüstbar
                                                                                    upgrades
                                                                                                                    New

                                                                                                                              Always a new design
these functions and you do not.
                                                                                                                        Old




                                                                               Ideal for small to medium series               More complex than COM & carrier
Therefore, it is generally advisable to follow the                                                               fusion


design cycles of the processor manufacturers as                                   COM & carrier fusion for large series

closely as possible – especially since this strategy
also enables you to claim innovation leadership Fig     1 COM and carrier designs offer numerous advantages over full-custom designs. For
                                                     new processor launches such as the 1 Intel Core processor generation, the most significant
                                                                                                              th


for yourself. The most efficient way to meet this benefit is a very short time-to-market.
customer expectation, which is not based on
technical facts but more emotionally motivated, is to use Computer-on-Modules. As a rule, they
2 Why 11th Gen Intel® Core™ processors will conquer the market



do not require any additional engineering effort on the hardware side and offer numerous other
advantages, as shown in Figure 1.
If the Computer-on-Modules come from embedded suppliers such as congatec, who are able to
bring them to market the moment the new processors are launched, OEMs can optimize their
time-to-market and create the necessary competitive advantage that can never be achieved with a
dedicated full-custom design.

                                                      COM Express and COM-HPC Size A
                                                      The latest is always the best is a principle that also applies to
                                                      Computer-on-Modules. However, with congatec offering two
                                                      extremely attractive new options – for COM-HPC and next-gen
                                                      COM Express – it’s not easy to decide whether designs for the
                                                      11th Intel Core processor generation are best implemented with
                                                      COM-HPC Client Size A or COM Express Compact. The congatec
                                                      design decision guide ‘COM-HPC vs COM Express’, which is
                                                      available at congatec’s landing page for the current processor
                                                     launch, helps to steer developers through the evaluation process.


Processor performance has vastly increased
The second reason is the significant performance boost. With up to 4 cores, the 11th Intel Core
UP3 processor generation boosts performance up to 23 percent in single-thread applications
and 19 percent in multi-thread applications compared to Intel Core Embedded processors of
the 8th generation. Changes to the new core microarchitecture (Willow Cove microarchitecture)
that affects performance includes a redesign of the cache and the optimization of the transistors
compared to the direct predecessor (Sunny Cove microarchitecture). Even more important for
embedded applications is the fact that high-speed Intel SoC processor technology is now for
the first time available in Intel’s SuperFin technology. Admittedly, it is generally argued that this
is already the third Intel Core generation that has been developed based on 10nm transistors.
In fact, the last two generations (SoCs codenamed Ice Lake and Cannon Lake) have not been equipped
with Computer-on-Modules – at least not by the leading Computer-on-Module supplier congatec.
Embedded users of Intel architecture who will be migrating from the 6th, 7th or 8th generation to
the new UP3 variants of the 11th generation can therefore benefit for the first time from two distinct
advantages offered by 10nm technology: Higher packing density; and lower power consumption
at equal performance, or higher performance at equal TDP. Both aspects are key in embedded
designs. By comparison, the new designs – which are available in 12, 15, and 28-Watt versions –
bring significant performance increases to users.
Intel has also introduced a new L1 cache to further improve performance. It significantly lowers
latency during data access and reduces the load on the L2 cache, which grew from 256 kB per core
to 1.25 MB, and the L3 cache, which now has 50% more capacity with 12 MB. This significantly
accelerates memory accesses to RAM shared with the GPU, bringing us to the third good reason for
the new Intel SoCs – the GPU.

3x greater graphics performance is truly impressive
The 11th generation Intel Core processor launch also includes new Intel graphics. A lot has changed
here as well: The GPU architecture, which Intel calls Iris® Xe Graphics, now benefits from the 10nm++
manufacturing process, too. This has led to a 50% increase in packing density, making it possible to
3 Why 11th Gen Intel® Core™ processors will conquer the market


implement twice as many floating point operations (FLOPs) in the given space. At the same time, the
consumption per FLOP was also reduced compared to the previous Gen 11 graphics.

                           Intel’s Core family on congatec board
  Gen                         Year            Process            Core           Graphic   SoC
                              2006            65nm               Conroe           –       Core 2
                              2008            45nm               Nehalem          –       Lynnfield
  1 Gen Core                  2010            32nm               Westmere       Gen5      Clarkdale
  2 Gen Core                  2011            32nm               Sandy Bridge   Gen6      Sandy Bridge
  3 Gen Core                  2012            22nm               Ivy Bridge     Gen7      Ivy Bridge
  4 Gen Core                  2013            22nm               Haswell        Gen7.5    Haswell
  5 Gen Core                  2015            14nm               Broadwell      Gen8      Broadwell
  6 Gen Core                  2015            14nm               Skylake        Gen9      Skylake
  7 Gen Core                  2017            14+                Kaby Lake      Gen9 LP   Kaby Lake
                              2017            14++               Coffee Lake    Gen9 LP   Coffee Lake
  8 Gen Core                  2018            14++               Whiskey Lake   Gen9 LP   Whiskey Lake
  9 Gen Core                  2019            14++               Coffee Lake    Gen9 LP   Coffee Lake Refresh
  11 Gen Core                 2020            10SF               Willow Cove    Xe-LP     Tiger Lake

Depending on the processor, Intel Iris® Xe Graphics now offers between 48 and 96 execution units
(EUs). With this developers will benefit from a 2.95x performance increase compared to the what the
Intel® Core™ Embedded processors of the 8th generation deliver*.
But how does this performance gain translate into direct benefits? First, platforms with Intel Iris Xe
Graphics can now simultaneously supply up to four 4k displays with video signals at 12-bit color depth.
With 8k resolution, it is still possible to control two displays in parallel. In terms of video outputs,
the 11th Intel Core processor generation supports 2x eDP 1.4b as well as 2x direct display interfaces
(DDI), which can be configured as DisplayPort 1.4 or DP++ with HDCP 2.3 support. Additionally, 1x
DSI is supported, and a video output can be routed via USB 4.0.
As for the offered multimedia features, digital signage OEMs, in particular, will be impressed by the
two video decode (VD) boxes, which allow up to 40 video streams to be decoded simultaneously
in UHD resolution (1080 p at 30 fps). Moreover, the VD boxes support the latest codecs, such as
ultra data-efficient and computationally intensive HEVC (H.265) and VP9, as well as the widely used
predecessors AVC (H.264) and AV1. All this is ideal for high-performance media servers and AV
headend systems.
As far as inputs are concerned, 11th generation Intel Core processors offer four MIPI 4k CSI camera
inputs. The video encode box ensures efficient on-the-fly coding in HEVC, VP9 or AVC. Of course, it’s
also possible to feed still images. In this case, the maximum resolution is a massive 27 megapixels.
The received video signals can then be forwarded to the computing cores via the new IPU 6 image
processing unit. IPU 6 ensures hardware-accelerated automatic processing of video streams, for
example for object or person recognition. This is an important feature for vision and AI applications,
which are a separate reason for the 11th gen Intel Core processors and will be discussed in detail later.
4 Why 11th Gen Intel® Core™ processors will conquer the market




4th generation PCI Express puts the pedal to the metal
For many developers, support of the 4th PCI Express generation is likely to be an even more important
reason than the CPU and GPU improvements. The 11th generation provides the first embedded
x86 processors with native PCIe Gen 4.0 support. It offers the same data rates over 4 lanes as
PCIe Gen 3.0 over 8 lanes, which are also available via the platform controller hub for the connection
of additional peripherals. PCIe Gen 4.0 allows the transfer of 2,048 MByte/s per lane and direction.
Since PCIe is full-duplex capable, a total of 4,096 MByte/s can be transferred when the forward and
return channels are added.
The clock rate has doubled from 8.0 GHz for PCIe 3.0 to 16 GHz for PCIe Gen 4.0. This increase has
a major impact on the system design as it presents carrier board developers with new challenges,
especially in terms of signal compliance. The COM/carrier board connectors must also meet these
requirements. The new COM HPC connector is specifically designed to meet the compliance
requirements of these latest high-speed interfaces; it is even already certified for PCIe Gen 5.0 at 32
GHz. Such a clock rate is not achievable with the current COM Express connector; it would require
enabling the Gen3 compatible mode of the bus. However, congatec has already equipped its modules
with a next-gen COM Express connector that is mechanically fully compatible and electronically more
powerful. This connector is designed to ensure the future long-term availability of COM Express.
congatec will release exact figures on how powerful it is after extensive testing.

USB4 – the wonder weapon for high-speed plug & play
Besides PCIe Gen 4.0, the 11th gen Intel Core processors provide another highly innovative and
powerful interface that is a fifth good reason for choosing 11th generation Intel processors: USB4. This
new interface is based on the Intel Thunderbolt 4 protocol, so it’s not surprising that Intel speaks of
CPU-integrated Thunderbolt with USB4 support.
But what exactly does this mean? Here are the details: 11th gen Intel Core processors support up to
4x Thunderbolt 4 for USB4 integration. Each Thunderbolt port provides 4 PCIe Gen 3.0 lanes with
a data rate of 32 Gbps or 4,096 MB/s in each direction. In addition, two of these ports can tunnel
DisplayPort signals for 1x 8k or 4x 4k video signals with 10-bit color depth and a refresh rate of 60 Hz.
For a complete USB4 interface with external USB-C connector, these lanes must also be combined
with up to four USB 3.1 Gen2 ports for the full USB4 data rate of 40 Gbps. Developers can further
choose to implement USB power delivery (PD) interfaces on the carrier board via the USB-C subsystem;
in that case, external devices can be supplied with up to 100 Watts via the USB PD pins of the
USB-C connector. Unlike the serial Thunderbolt interface, which only allows daisy chaining, a USB4
implementation must support the familiar hub tree structure. Since the implementation of USB-C is
not trivial and higher clock rates present further challenges, customers can always contact congatec’s
technical support team for assistance in the form of training, design guides or even full schematics.

More real-time in real time
The increase in CPU, GPU and key interface performance is complemented by a range of qualitative
features that significantly expand the application field of the new 11th generation. More comprehensive
real-time processor support for IIoT/Industry 4.0 applications is a particularly good example. Although
not all new processors support ECC, some have integrated this feature to support in-band error
correction for critical real-time computing applications. The in-band error correction code (IBECC)
provides single error correction, while double error detection (SECDED) is provided at the 64-byte
cache line level.
However, these days real-time no longer stops at the field control level thanks to the ability to connect
digital and analog I/Os as well as real-time field buses and all kinds of proprietary industrial Ethernet
5 Why 11th Gen Intel® Core™ processors will conquer the market



variants, which OEMs often connect via PCIe. Time sensitive networking (TSN), which now also
enables tactile Internet applications over IP, is another attractive feature. The 11th generation offers
integrated MACs that support TSN via 1 GbE and 2.5 GbE ports. congatec has been supporting
TSN for quite some time and already offers development platforms that combine TSN networking
with real-time control. Another innovative feature is Intel’s new time coordinated computing (TCC)
technology, which orchestrates the TSN Ethernet standard based on Intel IP also towards I/Os to
reduce latency and minimize jitter in synchronous processes. It can be adjusted as necessary via the
Intel® TCC Software Toolkit provided in the extended temperature variants of the 11th generation.
Of course, hardware virtualization also plays an important role in such connected real-time systems,
which leads us to the next good reason for the 11th Intel Core generation.

Virtualization support embedded in hardware
Real-time multitasking is an important requirement for IoT and edge devices, which the 11th generation
meets with hardware-based virtualization support. This is an attractive addition for real-time hypervisor
technologies such as those offered by congatec with the RTS hypervisor. It integrates seamlessly with
the hardware capabilities of 11th gen Intel Core processors to run critical real-time applications –
without additional latency – in parallel to other multi-purpose operating systems such as Linux and
Windows. The 11th Intel Core processor generation supports single root I/O virtualization (SR-IOV)
for this purpose. This allows multiple apps hosted in virtual machines with general purpose operating
systems (GPOS) to natively access an I/O interface, e.g. one of the 2.5 Gbps Ethernet interfaces. This
is a rather attractive feature, especially because these interfaces are often in short supply.
The primary function of virtualization is the consolidation of numerous tasks on a single system. In
next-generation industrial control systems, the number of tasks is multiplying rapidly today because on
top of site control, they are now often also required to interact with each other in real time. In addition,
IIoT-based data exchange is needed to monitor distributed machines, optimize the performance of
assets, and introduce new business models with predictive maintenance and as-a-service offerings.
Many applications also require the integration of vision-based artificial intelligence, which leads us to
the next important reason for the 11th generation Intel Core processors.

Machine vision and artificial intelligence
Machine vision and learning will become even faster, more efficient, and easier to implement with
the new Intel Core architecture. Faster simply because of the significantly greater number of graphics
EUs. The Intel UHD 620 graphics of the comparable Intel® Core™ i7-8665UE processor from the
Whiskey Lake family, for instance, achieves 441.6 GFLOPs at a maximum clock speed of 1.150 MHz


                                            The workload consolidation kit for vision-based situational
                                            awareness applications from congatec, which is Intel-qualified as
                                            a production-ready Intel® IoT RFP Ready Kit, demonstrates the
                                            efficiency benefits of virtualization. It offers three virtual machines
                                            (VMs) for workload consolidation of vision applications based on
                                            hypervisor technology from Real-Time Systems (RTS). One VM
                                            runs a vision-based AI application using Intel® OpenVino® software
                                            for situational awareness. The second VM is real-time capable
                                            and operates deterministic control software, while the third VM
                                            acts as IIoT/Industry 4.0 gateway. The congatec kit, which was
                                            developed in cooperation with Intel® and RTS and can also be
 made available with the 11th Intel® Core™ processor generation, targets the next generation of vision-based
 collaborative robotics, machine controls and autonomous vehicles that need to perform multiple tasks in
 parallel, including situational awareness based on deep learning based AI algorithms.
6 Why 11th Gen Intel® Core™ processors will conquer the market



with simple accuracy (8bit*2 per clock * 24 EUs * 1.150 GHz = 446 GHz). The new Intel graphics
offers a lot more; since two generations were left out, the performance leap is considerable. The
Intel Iris Xe Graphics of the 11th generation Intel Core processor family offers AI applications a full
1996.8 GFLOPs thanks to its 96 EUs and a higher possible clock rate of 1.3 GHz.
AI and deep learning inferencing are also executed significantly faster on CPU cores of the 11th gen Intel
Core processors. That is because the new processors support the highly efficient AVX-512 instruction
set for powerful 512-bit vector operations. Thanks to additional vector neural network instruction
(VNNI) support, there are now four new instructions available for AVX 512, with VPDPBUSD/S for
INT8 and VPDPWSSD/S for INT16. VNNI combines three instructions into one, and INT8 operations
are massively accelerated to 128 executions per clock and core.
OEMs can easily exploit these performance gains for machine vision and deep learning information
with the OpenVINO™ toolkit. It includes the Intel® Deep Learning Deployment toolkit, optimized
OpenCV and media encoding/decoding routines, as well as 20 pre-trained models and code samples.
An efficient way to get started with computer vision and OpenVINO is the congatec workload
consolidation kit for vision-based situational awareness applications, which was introduced in the
previous reason.

Better safe than sorry
IIoT connected edge devices are not complete without effective security features. Ideally, the
foundations are already anchored in the hardware. Here too, 11th generation Intel Core processors
offer a clear advantage. The additional security features are therefore the ninth reason why OEMs
should choose the 11th generation for their distributed and mostly unattended IoT devices.
The three most important truly new hardware-based security measures are: total memory encryption
(TME), control-flow enforcement technology (CET) and key locker. They help protect systems and
system data in the event of hardware and network vulnerability attacks or physical theft.
• Total memory encryption (TME): TME uses a hardware-based, highly secure AES XTS encryption
  engine that sits in the direct data path between the processor and the external memory busses.
  This enables on-the-fly decryption and encryption of all incoming and outgoing data to the
  System-on-Chip – including the graphics unit –with a 128-bit key. Even if attackers remove storage
  media and install them on another system to read their contents, they will only see scrambled
  data.
• Control-flow enforcement (CET): Some 90% of all software-based attacks use techniques such
  as return oriented programming (ROP) or jump oriented programming (JOP) to capture data via
  browsers or malicious software applications. CET offers two security functions to prevent this:
  First, CET detects and prevents data flow triggered by malicious code execution. Second, CET
  detects and prevents malicious indirect jump calls or jump oriented programming in the executed
  software. This prevents the execution of malicious code, which – for example – has infiltrated the
  computer via manipulated emails.
• Key locker: This hardware-based micro handler protects encryption keys with the new AES-NI
  command ‘ENCODEKEY’ and offers faster encryption and decryption than previously available
  technologies. Data can only be decrypted with the key locker and application key. This way, even
  encryption keys that are held in memory by the application software are effectively protected
  against malicious attacks.

Industrial and IoT
The tenth reason for 11th generation Intel Core processors is absolutely key for most embedded
applications: It concerns the industrial (0°C to 100°C TJMax) and extended temperature range.
7 Why 11th Gen Intel® Core™ processors will conquer the market



Depending on the design, the 11th generation supports temperatures from -40°C to +100°C
TJMax, which enables outdoor applications and serves a maximum spectrum of applications. The
industrial-grade processors are robust enough for a long service life, even if systems are in full 24/7
operation for years. Another feature that is inseparably linked with embedded is the long-term support
of the processors, with Intel currently promising 15 years of availability. Because the company has
control over its own production, it cannot be surprised by other companies discontinuing a specific
transistor size.

Management system for distributed applications
The 11th and for the time being the final reason for the new 11th generation are the more advanced
remote management functions that will become available with the launch of the new congatec
modules. Such functions are becoming increasingly important for IIoT-connected applications.
congatec offers dedicated APIs and a board management controller that can be integrated on the
carrier board. This functionality is complemented by integrated Intel vPro functions such as active
management technology, which enables end-to-end out-of-band management independent of the
operating system (OS). It allows a wide variety of system problems to be resolved even if a system’s
OS is not working. For example, IT administrators can remotely repair drivers, application software
or the OS of unresponsive or unbootable systems, or use KVM control features for OS upgrades or
BIOS startup. Of course, they can also remotely isolate compromised systems from the network to
help contain the spread of infection.
The upcoming COM-HPC launches will also deliver an enhanced remote management interface
based on the PICMG specifications. This interface is currently being developed in the PICMG Remote
Management Subcommittee. The goal is to make a reduced portion of the complex intelligent
platform management interface (IPMI) feature set available for the remote management of edge server
modules. Like the PCI Express slave function, COM-HPC will also provide extended standardized
remote management functions to communicate with the modules. OEMs and users will be able to
easily ensure the reliability, availability, maintainability, and security (RAMS) that is common to servers.
This functionality is individually expandable via the board management controller to be implemented
on the carrier board. This provides OEMs with a consistent basis for remote management, which they
can modify as required.

COM-HPC and COM Express processor configurations
congatec now offers this impressive feature set for the new Intel Core i7, i5 and i3 processors in
two attractive options: COM-HPC Size A and COM Express Compact. All relevant industrial and
embedded computing processor variants are supported by congatec. All are BGA variants and
compatible with commercial motherboard technology. Also handy is the configurable TDP of 12, 15
to 28 Watts, which allows strict thermal limits to be met with very little configuration effort.
8 Why 11th Gen Intel® Core™ processors will conquer the market




                                                                                        Graphics
                                       Cores/       Frequency at 28/15/12W      Cache               Ext. Temperature
   Processor                                                                            Execution
                                      Threads        TDP, (Max Turbo) [GHz]      [MB]                     range
                                                                                          Units

   Intel® Core™ i7-1185G7E                4/8               2.8/1.8/1.2 (4.4)      12      96              -

   Intel® Core™ i7-1185GRE                4/8               2.8/1.8/1.2 (4.4)      12      96             yes

   Intel® Core™ i5-1145G7E                4/8               2.6/1.5/1.1 (4.1)      8       80              -

   Intel® Core™ i5-1145GRE                4/8               2.6/1.5/1.1 (4.1)      8       80             yes

   Intel® Core™ i3-1115G4E                2/4               3.0/2.2/1.7 (3.9)      6       48              -

   Intel® Core™ i3-1115GRE                2/4               3.0/2.2/1.7 (3.9)      6       48             yes




   The feature set in detail
   The conga-HPC/cTLU COM-HPC Client Size A module and the conga-TC570 COM Express
   Compact module are available with various Intel® Core™ processors from the 11th Gen Intel
   Core processor roadmap. They are the first to support PCIe x4 Gen 4 for connecting external
   peripherals with the highest bandwidth. In addition, developers can also use 8x PCIe 3.01
   lanes. The COM-HPC module offers 2x USB 4.0, 2x USB 3.2 Gen 2 and 8x USB 2.0 interfaces;
   the COM Express module offers 4x USB 3.2 Gen 2 and 8x USB 2.0, compliant to the PICMG
   specification. COM HPC provides 2x 2.5 GbE, COM Express 1x GbE; both offer TSN
   support. Sound is provided via I2S and SoundWire in the COM-HPC version, and HDA in the
   COM Express modules. Comprehensive board support packages are provided for all leading
   RTOSes, including hypervisor support from Real-Time Systems as well as Linux, Windows, and
   Chrome.
   For more information please visit congatec’s 11th Gen Intel Core processors page: https://congatec.com/11th-gen-
   intel-core/
   More information about the new conga-HPC/cTLU COM-HPC Client module is available at www.congatec.com/en/
   products/com-hpc/conga-hpcctlu/
   More details about the conga-TC570 COM Express Compact module can be found at www.congatec.com/en/
   products/com-express-type-6/conga-tc570


   Author:




                                                Andreas Bergbauer,
                                                Product Line Manager at congatec
  About congatec

  congatec is a rapidly growing technology company focusing on embedded computing products. The high-performance
  computer modules are used in a wide range of applications and devices in industrial automation, medical technology,
  transportation, telecommunications and many other verticals. Backed by controlling shareholder DBAG Fund
  VIII, a German midmarket fund focusing on growing industrial businesses, congatec has the financing and M&A
  experience to take advantage of these expanding market opportunities. congatec is the global market leader in the
  computer-on-modules segment with an excellent customer base from start-ups to international blue chip companies.
  Headquartered in Deggendorf, Germany, congatec currently has entities in USA, Taiwan, China, Japan and Australia
  as well as United Kingdom, France, and the Czech Republic. More information is available on our website at
  www.congatec.com or via LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube.




Headquarters
    congatec GmbH
    Auwiesenstraße 5
    94469 Deggendorf
    Germany
    Phone     +49 (991) 2700-0
    info@congatec.com
    www.congatec.com



Subsidiaries
    congatec Asia Ltd.               congatec, Inc.                                                        congatec Japan K.K.               congatec China Technology Ltd.
    2F., No.186, Sec. 3,             6262 Ferris Square                                                    Ingresso Shiodome building 301,   Sunyoung Center, 901 Building B,
    Chengde Rd.                      San Diego                                                             Minato-ku Hamamatsucho 1-2-7,     No. 28 Xuanhua Road, Changning District,
    10366 Taipei, Taiwan             CA 92121 USA                                                          105-0013 Tokyo-to, Japan          Shanghai 200050, China
    Phone       +886 (2) 2597-8577   Phone       +1 (858) 457-2600                                         Phone      +81 (3) 6435-9250      Phone      +86 (21) 6025-5862
    sales-asia@congatec.com          sales-us@congatec.com                                                 sales-jp@congatec.com             sales-asia@congatec.com
    www.congatec.tw                  www.congatec.us                                                       www.congatec.jp                   www.congatec.cn


    congatec Australia Pty Ltd.      congatec Korea Ltd.                                                   Real-Time Systems GmbH
    Unit 2, 62 Township Drive        Mr. Yoonsun Kim                                                       Gartenstrasse 33
    West Burleigh                    (Yatap-Dong), #707,                                                   88212 Ravensburg
    Queensland 4219, Australia       42, Jangmi-ro, Bundang-gu,                                            Germany
    Phone       +61 (7) 5520-0841    Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do,                                             Phone +49 (751) 359558-0
    sales-au@congatec.com            South Korea                                                           info@real-time-systems.com
    www.congatec.com                 Phone: +82 (10) 2715-6418                                             www.real-time-systems.com
                                     yoonsun.kim@congatec.com




Sales Offices
    France                           United Kingdom / Ireland                                              Nordics & Baltics
    Mr. Luc Beugin                   Mr. Darren Larter                                                     Mr. Anders Rasmussen


    Phone: +33 6 44 32 70 88         Phone: +44 784 581 4792                                               Phone: +45 285 649 92
    cfr-sales@congatec.com           cuk-sales@congatec.com                                                cdk-sales@congatec.com
                                                      YOUTUBE LOGO SPECS


                                                      PRINT                                 on light backgrounds   on dark backgrounds

                                                                                            standard                 standard
                                                      main red        gradient bottom
                                                      PMS 1795C       PMS 1815C
                                                      C0 M96 Y90 K2   C13 M96 Y81 K54




                                                      white           black

                                                      WHITE           BLACK                 no gradients             no gradients
                                                      C0 M0 Y0 K0     C100 M100 Y100 K100




                                                                                            watermark                watermark
